docs: add better examples and documentation (#391)
asyncapi/ts-nats-template: examples/simple-reply/README.md

# Request example

A basic example showing how to define an AsyncAPI channel as a reply operation, and how to use the generated library.

This example contains the following files:
- `asyncapi.json` is the AsyncAPI document for the application that defines it as reply operation.
- `index.ts` contains a usage example of the generated library that setup a reply handler.

> - `index.spec.ts` test that the usage example (`index.ts`) have setup a correct reply handler by sending a request over NATS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `index.spec.ts` test that the usage example (`index.ts`) has set up a correct reply handler by sending a request over NATS.
```

- `asyncapi-nats-client` contains the generated client.

## How to generate the client

> To generate the client run the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the client, run this command:
```

```sh
npm run generate:client
```

If you are on Windows, use the `generate:client:windows` script instead:

```sh
npm run generate:client:windows
```

## How to test this example

To test this example use:

```sh
npm i && npm run test
```

If you are on Windows, use the `test:windows` script instead:

```sh
npm i && npm run test:windows
```

## How to run this example

> To run this example using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this example, use:
```
